{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 -- I do not have a way of accessing SQL, I had to use an online IDE and this was the only would that would work. Unfortunately, it also would not save the code in a readable file. I could not get 6 to run due to the IDE but I did include code for it to run if I was in the correct place. I also understand that I did not read in the tables correctly, since it was not working for me. This is why the naming conventions for the rows are c_. \
\
-- 1.\
SELECT c1, sum(c5) as impression_sum \
FROM marketing_performance\
GROUP BY c1;\
\
-- 2.\
SELECT c3, sum(c4) AS revenue_sum\
FROM website_revenue\
Group by c3\
order by revenue_sum DESC\
LIMIT 3;\
\
-- 3. \
SELECT campaign_info.c2, sum(marketing_performance.c4) AS cost_sum, \
sum(marketing_performance.c5) AS impressions_sum,\
sum(marketing_performance.c6) AS clicks\
FROM marketing_performance\
LEFT JOIN campaign_info\
ON marketing_performance.c2 == campaign_info.c1\
GROUP BY campaign_info.c2;\
\
-- 4.\
SELECT website_revenue.c3, sum(marketing_performance.c7) as conversions_sum\
FROM marketing_performance\
LEFT JOIN campaign_info\
ON marketing_performance.c2 == campaign_info.c1\
LEFT JOIN website_revenue\
ON campaign_info.c1 == website_revenue.c2\
where campaign_info.c2 = "Campaign5"\
GROUP BY website_revenue.c3\
ORDER BY conversions_sum DESC;\
\
-- 5. \
-- Campaign 4 was the most efficient. It did not spend the most money, it was the second lowest. However, the impression_sum was greater than the clicks and this was one of the 2 cases where it was true. But, campaign 3 appeared to spend too much money to get clicks as opposed to campaign 4. \
\
-- (Bonus) 6.\
SELECT DATENAME(weekday, c1) as DAY_OF_WEEK, revenue\
FROM website_revenue\
ORDER BY revenue DESC;\
\
}